DJ is preparing the show...
Your DJ is getting dressed in his finest suit and tie
The DJ is running to the studio right now!
DJ stuck in traffic jam, be right there!
Warming up the microphone...
DJ is grabbing his coffee before going live
Adjusting the headphones for perfect sound
DJ is reviewing today's playlist
Setting up the mixing board...
Your host is practicing his best radio voice
DJ is checking the weather for small talk
Polishing the golden records on the wall
DJ is doing vocal warm-ups: "Me me me meeee!"
Straightening the bow tie one last time
Your DJ is speed-walking through the hallway
Frantically searching for the studio keys...
DJ is chugging an energy drink
Checking if the "ON AIR" sign works
Your host forgot his notes and running back!
DJ is hyping himself up in the mirror
Dusting off the vintage turntables
Your DJ is untangling all the cables
Adjusting the studio temperature to perfection
DJ is putting on lucky socks for a great show
Your host is doing last-minute breathing exercises
DJ accidentally locked himself out, climbing through window!
Calibrating the sound levels...
Your DJ is speed-reading today's news
Practicing the perfect intro line
DJ is arguing with autocorrect on his phone
Your host is finishing his pre-show dance routine
DJ is triple-checking the song queue
Convincing the cat to leave the studio
Your DJ is having a staring contest with the mic
Rebooting the ancient studio computer...
DJ is looking for his lucky pen
Your host is meditating for radio zen
DJ spilled coffee, cleaning up the mess!
Doing one more mirror check... looking good!
Your DJ is psyching up for an amazing show
Testing, testing... 1, 2, 3!
DJ is syncing his smartwatch with the atomic clock
Your host is stretching to avoid radio cramps
DJ forgot which button starts the broadcast
Your DJ is googling "how to be more charismatic"
Replacing the burnt-out studio light bulb
DJ is air-guitaring to get in the zone
Your host is debating between two opening jokes
DJ accidentally started the wrong playlist, fixing it!
Convincing the producer to bring more snacks
